Unit test exit codes (#5376)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/build/unit-tests.md

        - {id: 1, first_name: emily}
```

## Unit test exit codes

Unit test successes and failures are represented by two exit codes:
- Pass (0)
- Fail (1)

> This differs from data test success and failure outputs. Data tests are queries that return one row per failed test case (the number of values with duplicates for the unique test). dbt reports the number of failing records as failures. Each unit test represents one 'test case' so results are always 0 (pass) or 1 (fail).

Author: ```suggestion
This differs from data test success and failure outputs. Data tests are queries that return one row per failed test case (the number of values with duplicates for the unique test). dbt reports the number of failing records as failures. Each unit test represents one 'test case', so results are always 0 (pass) or 1 (fail).
```

> This differs from data test success and failure outputs. Data tests are queries that return one row per failed test case (the number of values with duplicates for the unique test). dbt reports the number of failing records as failures. Each unit test represents one 'test case', so results are always 0 (pass) or 1 (fail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Exit codes differ from data test success and failure outputs because they don't directly reflect failing data tests. Data tests are queries designed to check specific conditions in your data, and they return one row per failed test case (for example, the number of values with duplicates for the `unique` test). dbt reports the number of failing records as failures. Whereas, each unit test represents one 'test case', so results are always 0 (pass) or 1 (fail) regardless of how many records failed within that test case.
```
